# Iterative Learning Control (ILC)

The contents of the directory include the resources for applying iterative learning control (ILC) to an autonomous torquing mechanism for MecE 788's final project.

## Contents

The files located in this folder and a short description of their use are as follows:

* 1000PWM.txt --> Data recorded from testing the prototype.
* fileReader.m --> Reads the .txt file and organizes the data.
* linearSimILC.m --> Used for simulating ILC on linear transfer functions.
* main.m --> Main function to read in experimental data, check for stability, and build a distrubance.
* model_tf_ss_motor_data.mat --> Saved MATLAB workspace variables including required transfer functions, state space models, PID controller values, and the DC motor parameters.
* nonLinearModel.slx --> Non linear Simscape and Simulink model used for linearizing and simulating on.
* nonLinearSimILC.m --> Used for simulating ILC on the non linear model.
* plotter.m --> Plots the error, input, and output of a simulation.  
* stability.m --> Analyzes the stability of derivied transfer functions and converts them to discrete time.


## Use

To run a simulation begin my entering the following into the command line.

```
main
```

Once complete with the autogenerated figures close all the plots.

```
close all
```

To run a linear simulation select one of the three transfer functions:

* sysd1 --> System identification transfer function.
* sysd2 --> System identification transfer function with PD controller.
* sysd3 --> Linearized Simscape model transfer function.

And enter it as the first argument.

```
linearSimILC(______,disturbance,Ts)
```

To run the non linear simulation enter the following into the MATLAB command line.

```
nonLinearSimILC
```

## Notes

Code built and tested on MATLAB 2018b. Requires the installation of MATLAB, various control toolboxes, Simscape driveline and electrical, and Simulink.
